[Music]
after 9/11 everyone was scared scared it
might happen again it was my second day
of grad school next day I changed all my
classes to national security
morning Yan warned Center have you seen
the story today in the New York Times
evidently the CIA destroyed tapes of
interrogations of al-qaeda detainees I
want to find out what was on the tapes
why they were destroyed no paper papers
were getting people in trouble met our
place at our place papers how we keep
track of laws last night I found this
he's detainee number 24 I think I see
this no no watch the video they
waterboarded him a hundred and eighty
three times everything they got from him
was either a lie or something they
already had if it works why do you need
to do it 183 times maybe one the report
comes out people will finally see that
Ivy mentally disagree with the narrative
here the United States does not torture
dan you need to be careful here they
can't destroy the documents they can go
after the next best thing
yeah they claimed they save lives but
what they really did was make it
impossible to prosecute a mass murderer
because if what we did to him ever came
out in the court of law
the case is over the guy planned 9/11 we
will not allow this to be covered
antennas to gain Intel save American
laundries written by the victors you
need to change our how is that even epic
nothing could be further from the germ
och recei is messy if The Times had your
report we would print it tomorrow know
if it's gonna come out it's gonna come
out the right way
[Music]